Skuba API Lib (#2072)
seek-oss/skuba: .changeset/soft-apes-clean.md

---

> '@skuba-lib/api': minor

Reviewer: Should this be

```suggestion
'@skuba-lib/api': major
```

'skuba': minor
---

> api: Re-export APIs via @skuba-lib/api
> 
> The `Buildkite`, `Git`, `Net` and `GitHub` APIs from `skuba` are re-exported through `@skuba-lib/api`, allowing consumers to install a smaller package when they only need the API functionality.
> 
> These are exposed through the main `@skuba-lib/api` import or you can access individual modules via sub-paths such as `@skuba-lib/api/buildkite`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
api: Publish standalone `@skuba-lib/api` package

Our [development API](https://seek-oss.github.io/skuba/docs/development-api/) is now available in a standalone package. Its namespaces are available through the root `@skuba-lib/api` import, or individual submodule imports such as `@skuba-lib/api/buildkite`.

The `@skuba-lib/api` package may be useful for projects that include:

- A devtool/package that makes use of the development API. The package can now replace the larger `skuba` toolkit with `@skuba-lib/api` in `dependencies`.
- A back-end application that makes use of the development API but has its own build & test tooling. The application can now replace the larger `skuba` toolkit with `@skuba-lib/api` in `devDependencies` .
  
The `skuba` package retains its re-exports of these API namespaces for convenience.
```
